§3My name is Yoshikage Kira.

§2I'm 33 years old.

§3My house is in the northeast section of Morioh, where all the villas are, and I am not married.

§2I work as an employee for the Kame Yu department stores, and I get home every day by 8 PM at the latest.

§3I don't smoke, but I occasionally drink. I'm in bed by 11 PM, and make sure I get eight hours of sleep, no matter what.

§2After having a glass of warm milk and doing about twenty minutes of stretches before going to bed, I usually have no problems sleeping until morning.

§3Just like a baby,

§2I wake up without any fatigue or stress in the morning.

§3I was told there were no issues at my last check-up.

§2I'm trying to explain that I'm a person who wishes to live a very quiet life.

§3I take care not to trouble myself with any enemies,

§2like winning and losing,

§3that would cause me to lose sleep at night.

§2That is how I deal with society, and I know that is what brings me happiness.

§3Although, if I were to fight I wouldn't lose to anyone.

§2What a Beautiful Duwang.

§3*chew*

§2

§3

§2

§3Suppose that you were sitting down at a table. 

§2The napkins are in front of you, which napkin would you take? The one on your ‘left’? Or the one on your ‘right’? The one on your left side? 

§3Or the one on your right side? Usually you would take the one on your left side. That is ‘correct’ too. 

§2But in a larger sense on society, that is wrong. Perhaps I could even substitute ‘society’ with the ‘Universe’. 

§3The correct answer is that ‘It is determined by the one who takes his or her own napkin first.’ …Yes? 

§2If the first one takes the napkin to their right, then there’s no choice but for others to also take the ‘right’ napkin. 

§3The same goes for the left. Everyone else will take the napkin to their left, because they have no other option. This is ‘society’… 

§2Who are the ones that determine the price of land first? There must have been someone who determined the value of money, first. 

§3The size of the rails on a train track? The magnitude of electricity? Laws and Regulations? Who was the first to determine these things? 

§2Did we all do it, because this is a Republic? Or was it Arbitrary? NO! 

§3The one who took the napkin first determined all of these things! The rules of this world are determined by that same principle of ‘right or left?’! 

§2In a Society like this table, a state of equilibrium, once one makes the first move, everyone must follow! 

§3In every era, this World has been operating by this napkin principle. And the one who ‘takes the napkin first’ must be someone who is respected by all. 

§2It’s not that anyone can fulfill this role… Those that are despotic or unworthy will be scorned. 

§3And those are the ‘losers’. In the case of this table, the ‘eldest’ or the ‘Master of the party’ will take the napkin first… 

§2Because everyone ‘respects’ those individuals

§3

§2

§3

§2

§3

§2Thanks for trying out the updated version of this pack!



